alright guys I'm about to change the
light and my Mustang because the first
time I got lights
I didn't replace them with LEDs and I
just got regular red ones and I wasn't
really satisfied with the performance so
picked up some LEDs running all right so
you just started by popular this off all
right you just pop that off it's the
first thing to do well let me turn that
off and then they have these little
things here you just pull out the bulbs
right there see I probably should've got
LEDs but I mean there were four dollars
so they're not that bad you can just
pull out the bulbs so you just pull out
the balls just like that let me see how
these how much brighter
oh you mean give you a demo I'll pop
them back in now the LEDs barely wanted
to finish theirs
all right
I see how much different difference that
really is
I guess there's a difference but I guess
I'll find out tonight after this either
with the real difference is
see what they look like
just pop it in there it's clearly at
night
betcha Chicka it's red LEDs at night
see how see I - they look like at night
me about my stuff out of the way no I
shouldn't go anywhere
hang on I'm making a video a quick back
let's see everything looks like all
right so here's what they look like at
night kind of see everything faintly if
you needed to see use the old red bulb
right there
but yeah try to go and get le yeah see
these reds are a lot brighter than the
other regular red bulbs and then I try
to get LEDs for the mirrors right here
but I wasn't gonna get it right I was
gonna get white LEDs so they'll be
brighter and I got told me they don't
make him but like they don't make LEDs
that small but I appreciate your find
them online somewhere let me turn back
on you can't really say anything the
backs the back seats pretty dark so
maybe I can get like a red LED strip
down the back windows length but yeah I
like it I'll probably leave them off
there for a walk looks really nice
alright hey try to see what they look
like from the outside of the car
I can barely see from the outside all
right yes
thank you are you my last name